[Music]
you look cute in bubbles yeah you just
all liquored up I've had a very long
hard day I'm gonna go get some chicken
you want some no thanks no chicken
bye-bye then
you sure some extra crispy dirty rice
bean so last time no get up get up Joey
are you okay I'm so sorry he wouldn't
leave he kept asking me if I wanted
chicken chicken I could eat some chicken
hey Joe
yeah can I get a three-piece some
coleslaw and some beans and a coke ha
dico
go to work
and Rachel's great to have you back
phoebs
always a pleasure
[Applause]
[Music]
what took you so long
I got caught up at work but I'm quitting
tomorrow ah so thanks for having me over
eh Pheebs see probably some you know
European goodbye thing he picked up in
London I European huh don't French
[Applause]
Lincoln oh my god your water broke
hate we have to take you to the hospital
now thieves thieves the babies are
coming now can't believe you never baby
no it's beautiful amazing yes I can't
believe I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel
every time I left the room I mean it's
too bad they didn't see us having sex
you do you know anything about women
no it's all right okay
[Music]
you